changes for branding and error details (#108)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/branding/primary-color.md

# Primary Color
- Type: `hex code`
- Example: `#6F43E7`
- Default: Pomerium Purple

> User's can add a Primary Color that be used in the Theming for the Enterprise Console and Open Source Endpoints. This is the color used when users are in Light Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can add a Primary Color that be used in the Theming for the Pomerium Enterprise and Open Source Components. This is the color used when users are in Light Mode.
```

See doc mode suggestions.

> Users can add a primary color that will be used for branding and theming for the Pomerium's Enterprise Web Console and information pages. This is the color used when users are in Light Mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can add a primary color that will be used for branding and theming for Pomerium's Enterprise Web Console and information pages. This is the color used when users are in Light Mode.
```
